Docs: Migration Tool and WSV Checker Use (#1412)
hyperledger/iroha: docs/source/maintenance/migration-rocksdb.rst

====================
Migration To RocksDB
====================

Iroha allows for using Postgres or Rocks Database.
You can use the option you prefer and if you want to switch -- there is an option for you.
**Just migrate your database!**
Here is how

> .. hint:: Both migration tool and WSV checker have ``-help`` that you can call to check the available flags anytime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. hint:: Both tools ``iroha_migrate`` and ``iroha_wsv_diff`` have ``-help`` that you can call to check the available flags anytime.
```

Author: I wanted to use some sort of synonyms, so it is not only tech stuff and "" but also some nice to read English. I could call the checker "tool that checks the differences in WSV"? The more synonyms there are, the more understanding of the concept.

How to migrate
==============

> After you built Iroha (or simply run it) after version Iroha 1.3 you already have the migration tools as a separate executable!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you built Iroha (or pull docker image) after version Iroha 1.3 you already have the migration tools as a separate executable!
```
??!

Author: Rewrote that part a little, thank you!

	<br/><div style="line-height: 0; padding: 0; margin: 1"></div>

If not, there will be the differences in the databases: the data on the left is what is indicated in the RocksDB and on the right -- what is in Postgres.

.. raw:: html

   <details>

   <summary>Failed check will result in <b>something like this</b></summary>

.. code-block:: bash

	Reading rocksdb... in 6990ms
	Reading postgres... in 5652ms
	See detailed dumps in files rockdb.wsv and postgres.wsv
	== VALIDATING ==
	left is rocksdb, right is postgres
	Role-s 'client' have different permissions: '00000000000001110100100100000100100100011010111010000' and '00000000000001110100100100000100100100011010111010011'
	Wsv-s have different roles.
	AssetQuantity-s 'test#test' have different quantity: '0.0' and '1234567.0'
	Accounts 'superuser@bootstrap' have different assetsquantity
	Domains 'bootstrap' have different accounts.
	Wsv-s have different domains.
	~~~ WSV-s DIFFER!!! ~~~
	For future investigation use difftool on files rocksdb.wsv and postgres.wsv. Just like:
   		diff <(tail -n+2 postgres.wsv) <(tail -n+2 rockdb.wsv)

.. raw:: html

   </details>
	<br/><div style="line-height: 0; padding: 0; margin: 1"></div>

> If there are differences, we would suggest to use the migration tool again with the ``-drop_state`` flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there are differences, we would suggest to use the ``iroha_migrate`` again with the ``-drop_state`` flag.
```

Author: @kuvaldini  Same idea as below

Author: It is the migration tool called "iroha-migrate". But as we already mentioned its name, we can now just mention it as the migration tool
